com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$dimen
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$drawable
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$layout
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$color
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$id
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$styleable
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$string
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$attr
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.TemplateView
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$id: int gnt_imageview
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$id: int backgroundColor
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$layout: int loading_medium_variant_one_bottom
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$id: int media_view
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$drawable: int gnt_var_two_image_bg
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$color: int gnt_green
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$color: int gnt_green_dark
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$id: int googleTemplate
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$color: int gnt_test_background_color_2
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$id: int rating_bar
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$id: int adsContainer
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$id: int shimmerEffect
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$drawable: int button_style
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$layout: int loading_small_variant_three_top
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$layout: int loading_small_variant_three_bottom
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$id: int gnt_guideline
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$id: int cardAds
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$drawable: int gnt_banner_var_one
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$id: int secondary
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$id: int ad_notification_view
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$layout: int loading_large_variant_three_top
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$drawable: int gnt_rounded_corners_shape
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$layout: int gnt_medium_template_view
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$id: int rating
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$id: int cta123
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$id: int container_cl
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$drawable: int gnt_bg_ad
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$layout: int medium_variant_two_bottom
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$color: int gnt_splash_bg
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$drawable: int gnt_stylish_bg
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$color: int gnt_black
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$drawable: int gnt_rounded_var_two
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$layout: int small_variant_two_top
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$color: int gnt_white
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$id: int progress_bar
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$dimen: int gnt_medium_template_top_weight
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$layout: int small_variant_two_bottom
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$string: int gnt_loading_ad
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$id: int toolbar
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$layout: int medium_variant_one_top
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$dimen: int gnt_no_size
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$layout: int medium_variant_two_top
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$layout: int large_variant_three_bottom
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$id: int lrLoading
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$drawable: int star
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$color: int gnt_gray
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$drawable: int gnt_outline_shape
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$layout: int loading_banner_variant_two
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$layout: int small_variant_one_bottom
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$layout: int loading_large_variant_one_top
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$dimen: int gnt_medium_cta_button_height
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$id: int row_two
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$layout: int banner_variant_one
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$styleable: int[] TemplateView
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$dimen: int gnt_media_view_weight
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$styleable: int TemplateView_gnt_template_type
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$dimen: int gnt_ad_indicator_bottom_margin
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$color: int gnt_app_color
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$layout: int large_variant_three_top
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$layout: int shimmer_large
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$layout: int banner_variant_two
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$attr: int gnt_template_type
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$layout: int shimmer_small
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$drawable: int gnt_rounded
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$layout: int large_variant_one_top
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$dimen: int gnt_default_margin
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$id: int rlAds
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$layout: int loading_medium_variant_one_top
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$dimen: int gnt_text_size_large
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$id: int free
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$drawable: int gnt_small_variant_three_button
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$dimen: int gnt_ad_indicator_text_size
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$id: int shimmer_view_container
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$layout: int loading_large_variant_two_bottom
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$color: int gnt_ad_green
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$drawable: int circle_dot
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$layout: int loading_small_variant_two_bottom
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$layout: int shimmer_medium_one
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$id: int icon
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$dimen: int gnt_medium_template_bottom_weight
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$id: int cta
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$dimen: int gnt_small_cta_button_height
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$layout: int small_variant_three_top
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$layout: int loading_medium_variant_two_top
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$id: int headline
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$color: int gnt_outline
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$layout: int small_variant_three_bottom
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$drawable: int gnt_small_variant_two_button
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$layout: int medium_variant_one_bottom
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$layout: int loading_medium_variant_three_top
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$dimen: int gnt_ad_indicator_bar_height
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$layout: int loading_large_variant_two_top
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$layout: int medium_variant_three_top
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$color: int gnt_blue
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$layout: int large_variant_two_top
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$dimen: int gnt_text_row_weight
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$layout: int shimmer_medium
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$layout: int loading_large_variant_three_bottom
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$id: int gnt_constraintlayout
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$dimen: int gnt_ad_indicator_width
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$color: int gnt_red
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$id: int native_ad_view
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$drawable: int gnt_rounded_var_three
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$id: int primary
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$layout: int small_variant_one_top
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$id: int background
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$drawable: int gnt_new_outline_shape
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$dimen: int gnt_ad_indicator_height
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$layout: int large_variant_one_bottom
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$drawable: int gnt_rounded_var_medium
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$layout: int large_variant_two_bottom
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$id: int gnt_view
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$color: int gnt_test_background_color
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$dimen: int gnt_text_size_small
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$layout: int loading_medium_variant_two_bottom
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$id: int middle
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$layout: int loading_small_variant_one_bottom
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$layout: int loading_banner_variant_one
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$layout: int medium_variant_three_bottom
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$drawable: int gnt_small_variant_button
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$layout: int loading_small_variant_two_top
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$dimen: int gnt_ad_indicator_top_margin
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$id: int body
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$dimen: int gnt_no_margin
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$layout: int loading_small_variant_one_top
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$layout: int loading_medium_variant_three_bottom
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$id: int content
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$drawable: int gnt_outline_shape_c
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$layout: int loading_large_variant_one_bottom
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$styleable: <clinit>()
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R: R()
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.TemplateView: TemplateView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int,int)
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$color: R$color()
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$id: R$id()
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.TemplateView: void setNativeAd(com.google.android.gms.ads.nativead.NativeAd)
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$dimen: R$dimen()
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$layout: R$layout()
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.TemplateView: TemplateView(android.content.Context)
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$string: R$string()
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$drawable: R$drawable()
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.TemplateView: TemplateView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$styleable: R$styleable()
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.R$attr: R$attr()
com.google.android.ads.nativetemplates.TemplateView: TemplateView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
